Docs: updated register documentation (#35)
MateuszMariaGrodzki/chat: documentation/registerdoc.md

# Register form
## Register form is on `/api/register` endpoint
### Required JSON as presented below
```
{
    "name": "user name",
    "email": "user email",
    "password": "user password"
}
```
## Type of responses
- JSON data response
- JSON error response
## JSON data response:
If request satisfy all conditions then response body will be exactly like below:
```
{
    "data": {
        "message": "user has been succesfully registered and saved in database"
    },
    "metaData": null
}
```
HTTP status for data response: 200 
## JSON error response:

> When some problems occured on server side the response will have a table of errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When some problems occured on server side the response will have an array of errors:
```

```
{
    "errors": [
    ],
    "metaData": null
}
```
The example of structure of each error:
```
{
    "status": 422,
    "code": "NAME_OCCUPIED",
    "title": "In database exist user with that name"
}
```

> Short describe of fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short description of fields:
```

- status: http status represented as integer and corresponding to each error
- code: an application-specific error code, expressed as a string value
- title: a short, human-readable summary of the problem  

### Name property error codes:
Critical errors: 
- NAME_NULL

Normal errors: 
- NAME_MISSING
- NAME_OCCUPIED 

> - NAME_INCORRECT

Reviewer: Nie do końca wiem czym różnią się błędy krytyczne od błędów "normalnych" :)

##### EMAIL_INCORRECT error description:
Structure:
```
{
    "status": 422,
    "code": "EMAIL_INCORRECT",
    "title": "email has bad format"
}
```
Description: Email has bad format
### Password property error codes:
Critical errors: 
- PASSWORD_NULL

Normal errors: 
- PASSWORD_MISSING
- WEAK_PASSWORD

##### PASSWORD_NULL error description:
Structure:
```
{
    "status": 400,
    "code": "PASSWORD_NULL",
    "title": "parameter password is null"
}
```
Description: Server dosen't recive password parameter value
Reasons:
- problems in communication client-server
- property password has wrong typo e.g. pasword instead of password

If this error occurs there won't be more errors of password property and http status will be 400.
Please notice that error dosen't interference with errors from name and email properties.
##### PASSWORD_MISSING error description:
Structure:
```
{
    "status": 422,
    "code": "PASSWORD_MISSING",
    "title": "parameter password isn't present"
}
```
Description: Password cannot be empty string
##### WEAK_PASSWORD error description:
Structure:
```
{
    "status": 422,
    "code": "WEAK_PASSWORD",
    "title": "password is too weak"
}
```

> Description: Password dosen't satisfy below conditions:\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: Password doesn't satisfy below conditions:\
```

        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "EMAIL_MISSING",
            "title": "parameter email isn't present"
        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "EMAIL_INCORRECT",
            "title": "email has bad format"
        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "WEAK_PASSWORD",
            "title": "password is too weak"
        }
    ],
    "metaData": null
}
```
HTTP status code: 422
##### With critical errors:
JSON send:
```
{
    "name": null,
    "email": "sdadsadsa@gmail.com",
    "password": "ImGoodPassword@3"
}
```
Response:
```
{
    "errors": [
        {
            "status": 400,
            "code": "NAME_NULL",
            "title": "parameter name is null"
        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "EMAIL_MISSING",
            "title": "parameter email isn't present"
        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "EMAIL_INCORRECT",
            "title": "email has bad format"
        },
        {
            "status": 422,
            "code": "WEAK_PASSWORD",
            "title": "password is too weak"
        }
    ],
    "metaData": null
}
```

> HTTP status code: 400

Reviewer: Bardzo fajny, dokładny docs, ale zastanawiam się czy nie bardziej czytelna (i łatwa w utrzymaniu) byłaby tabela, tak jak te które można zobaczyć np. tutaj:
https://idratherbewriting.com/learnapidoc/docapis_doc_status_codes.html

Reviewer: Kolejny przykład:
https://bocoup.com/blog/documenting-your-api

Reviewer: Temat do przemyślenia - resolve
